Closes #21157 (#21158)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

~> **Note:** A Route Table must be configured on this Subnet.

> * `workload_runtime` - (Optional) Specifies the workload runtime used by the node pool. Possible values are `OCIContainer`.

Reviewer: I realise this was like this before you opened this PR, but mind making this:

```suggestion
* `workload_runtime` - (Optional) Specifies the workload runtime used by the node pool. The only possible value is `OCIContainer`.
```

to be consistent with other resources, since there's only a single value permitted here?
